Split speed redux and general movement (#19)
GameBrains/er-core: modules/main-rules/pages/orders-and-conditions.adoc

Shooting phase:: You may shoot with the units in this detachment -- but you must *halve* their total Firepower.

> Assault phase:: You *must* move the units in this detachment, at least 5 cm towards the enemy (though not necessarily the nearest enemy).

Author: I think this is OK, but I'm slightly wary of the absolute nature of '**must**'.

However that's as much an issue with the `Assault moves and charges` page. What about adding a TIP to that page, to remind players that the requirement to move 5 cm doesn't override failed Leadership tests or Dangerous terrain tests?

Minor suggestion:

```suggestion
Assault phase:: You *must* move the units in this detachment, if they are able to move, and you may initiate a close combat or firefight.
For the full detail, see xref:assault-moves-and-charges.adoc[].
```

> Assault phase:: You *must* move the units in this detachment, at least 5 cm towards the enemy (though not necessarily the nearest enemy).

Reviewer: That's a different point. But I see what you mean — we're setting up a conflict between 'may not move' rules and this 'must move' rule.

Yes, an adjustment to `assault-moves-and-charges.adoc` is best, as that topic should be 'complete' and not have caveats hanging off of it that reside elsewhere. And, in common with my initial suggestion on this thread, I don't think we should *duplicate* it here either.

I'll have a look at `assault-moves-and-charges.adoc` and find a way to tweak it to resolve or clarify the conflict.

> Assault phase:: You *must* move the units in this detachment, at least 5 cm towards the enemy (though not necessarily the nearest enemy).

Reviewer: Added edits to `assault-moves-and-charges.adoc`, so I'll apply the appropriate suggestion here to resolve the particular parts in these lines.
